I am about to tell you sounds crazy but
you have to listen to me
your very lives depend on it
this does not be
you see this isn't the first time
and we've had this conversation what
Daisy's judgment day you just came in
with the fresh recruits
the invasion will fail along with every
soldier you are sending we losses love
everything
come find me when you wake up
you do that what's happening to me what
happened to you happened to me
you've hijacked that power
I need your help it's what exactly
winning the war
we can do this just come here every day
and I'll train you
no matter what I do as far as you go
why does it matter what happens to me
I'm not a soldier
of course you're not you're a weapon
you